# FTP_Proxy
Course project for internet applications
## Goal
This program is designed to work as a proxy on Linux operating system, which connects the FTP server and clients together. Users can visit the port 21 of the proxy as a common FTP connection, and the proxy will forward the commands to the server and get data back. With the help of the project, we can get deeper understand about the related knowledge of File Transfer Protocol.
## details1.  The FTP server can be set up using the existing software, for example FileZilla server. For the FTP client, users can use one general FTP client tool software, for FTP client on command line.2.  FTP proxy is able to set up control connections with FTP client and FTP server separately.a)  FTP proxy is able to receive the commands from FTP client using control connection. The commands include: PWD, CWD, LIST/MLSD, MDIR, DELE, RNFR/RNTO, RETR, and STOR. It can resolve the commands and modify it if necessary, and then forward thecommands to the FTP server using control connection.b)  FTP proxy is able to receive the FTP replies from FTP server using control connection. Itcan resolve the replies and modify if necessary, and then forward the replies to the FTPclient.3.  FTP proxy is able to set up data connections if required with FTP client and FTP serverseparately. In this project, cache mechanism will be used in FTP proxy. If the file that FTP client wants to download already exists in the cache, FTP proxy will not download the file from FTP server but send the file in the cache to FTP client. And no data connection will be set up between FTP proxy and FTP server. Otherwise, data connection will be set up between FTP proxy and FTP server.a)  If FTP client wants to upload a file, FTP proxy can receive the file from FTP client and then upload the file to FTP server.b)  If FTP client wants to download a file, FTP proxy can receive the file from FTP server and forward the file to FTP client. Meanwhile, the file will store in its cache.4.  For data connection, it can be used under both passive mode and active mode.
## Great Explanation Here (in Chinese but English PPT)
http://www.bilibili.com/video/av4502562/
